Updating Power Plant Costing Documentation (#979)
IDAES/idaes-pse: docs/reference_guides/model_libraries/power_generation/costing/power_plant_costing_netl.rst

6. natural gas air-fired plant (NGCC),
7. Advanced ultra-supercritical PC (AUSC).

Similarly, `get_sCO2_unit_cost` can be called to include cost correlations for equipment in supercritical CO2 power cycle plants and the method `get_ASU_cost` calls costing for equipment in air separation units. The method `costing_initialization` exists to initialize pp, sCO2 and ASU costing blocks.

> The methods `get_fixed_OM_costs` and `get_variable_OM_costs` calculate operating and maintenance costs for fixed (operating labor, maintenance labor, admin/support labor, property taxes and insurance, maintenance materials) and variable (fuel, consumable and waste disposal costs for electricity production indexed by time), respectively. The methods `initialize_fixed_OM_costs` and `initialize_variable_OM_costs` exist to initialize fixed and variable O&M costing blocks. To build all operating and maintanence costs sequentially, users may call the `build_process_costs` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The methods `get_fixed_OM_costs` and `get_variable_OM_costs` calculate operating and maintenance costs for fixed (operating labor, maintenance labor, admin/support labor, property taxes and insurance, maintenance materials) and variable (fuel, consumable and waste disposal costs for electricity production indexed by time) costs, respectively. The methods `initialize_fixed_OM_costs` and `initialize_variable_OM_costs` exist to initialize fixed and variable O&M costing blocks. To build all operating and maintanence costs sequentially, users may call the `build_process_costs` method.
```

Explosion proof motors      :math:`W_{e}`     :math:`MW_{e}`
Synchronous motors          :math:`W_{e}`     :math:`MW_{e}`
Open drip-proof motors      :math:`W_{e}`     :math:`MW_{e}`
=========================== ================= ==============

Other Costing Modules
---------------------

Air Separation Unit Costing Module
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The ASU costing function calculates total plant cost in the exact same way as the get_PP_costing function.
get_ASU_cost takes two arguments: self, and scaled_param. 

* self - a Pyomo Block or unit model
* scaled_param - The scaled parameter. For the ASU it is the oxygen flowrate in units of tons per day.
* CE_index_year : Chemical Engineering Cost Index base year, defaults to 2018; calling the registered Pyomo currency units dictionary of plant cost index values will allow conversion between base years within the flowsheet

The bare erected and total plant costs are calculated as shown in the introduction.
There are currently no estimates for the total plant cost components, so bare erected cost will be the same as total plant cost for now.

Fixed Operating & Maintenance Costs
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The Fixed O&M costing function adds constraints to calculate correlations associated with labor, maintenance, support, taxes and other fixed costs. The method takes the following arguments: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Fixed O&M costing function adds constraints to estimate the labor, maintenance, support, taxes and other fixed costs. The method takes the following arguments: 
```
